[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Vegeta challenged Majin Buu
to a one-on-one fight
and overwhelmed
the puffy pink villain
with new levels of power.
[BUU yells]
[NARRATOR] But Buu's
powers of regeneration
allowed him to withstand
Vegeta's ferocious attacks.
Then the destroyer-of-worlds
went on the offensive,
allowing his pent-up
fury to erupt.
[grunts]
You hurt Buu only a little bit.
What are you? Immortal?
[BUU grunts]
Buu no like you.
Buu really no like you!
Not like you!
And if he's capable of
regenerating from any wound,
then defeating him in battle
may be impossible.
If that's true...
[NARRATOR] Their epic battle
concludes, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[wind blows]
[birds chirping]
Come on, Dad.
[PICCOLO]
I don't believe it.
Not even Vegeta stands
a chance against this thing.
Gohan is dead. And if
that weren't bad enough,
the guardian of
the universe, Supreme Kai,
he's been wiped out, too.
[grunts]
And now, who knows what'll
become of this world.
Hey, my dad's not
gonna be defeated, okay?
Not by that dude!
[grunts]
[BUU]
Mmm.
[BUU giggles]
Buu no want to play with
you no more so you go bye-bye.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. Bye.
[VEGETA]
What do I do?
How am I supposed to put down
this invincible monster?
[ALL gasp]
Wooo...!
Tch! I'm sorry.
Am I supposed to be
impressed by that?
What are you up to now?
Knock it off!
[BUU] Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oooh.
Bleh!
Is that the best you've got?
I could dodge those in my sleep!
[yells]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Squeeze!
[BUU hums singsongy]
[VEGETA groans]
[gasps]
[PICCOLO grunts]
This is bad!
[BUU chuckles]
Wee!
[VEGETA groans]
[laughs]
Aah-oh-oh-hoo!
--[VEGETA groans]
--[BUU laughs]
[KRILLIN] He's gonna
get himself killed!
And what in the world
happened to Goku and Gohan?
Huh? I hope they're
not dead already.
What? You think my dad
and brother might be dead?
[PICCOLO]
Get ahold of yourself, Trunks!
There's nothing
you can do for him.
If you go down there,
you'll just die in vain.
And give your father one more
thing to worry about.
Ha!
No!
Wait! Get back here!
I got your back! Let's roll!
No!
Hold it there! You go
and the same thing'll
happen to you!
Don't do this; it's futile!
But I have to! Trunks and
his dad need my help!
You know if Gohan were here
it's what he'd do for sure!
[gasps]
Goten!
[PICCOLO growls]
Oh, damn it all!
[laughs]
[TRUNKS snarls]
[BUU laughs]
[yells]
[coughs]
[laughs]
What in the world was that?
--[VEGETA groans]
--[BUU grunts]
[TRUNKS yells]
[BUU hollers]
--[GOTEN] Hurry!
--[TRUNKS] Dad!
Oh no!
[BABIDI]
Who are those pipsqueaks
and are there more
where they came from?
Hm. Well, it makes no
difference how many there are,
they'll all meet
the same tragic fate.
[chuckles]
[VEGETA groans]
--[TRUNKS] Dad!
--[GOTEN] Are you okay?
Come on, get up!
Just shake it off!
Dad! Dad! Dad!
So, is he dead?
What a stupid question!
It'll take a heck of a lot more
than that to kill my dad!
But even so,
it's not like he can
keep fighting now, can he?
Didn't you hear me?
Clean the wax outta
your ears and listen, okay!
You know what
my mom told me?
She told me that my father,
the man you see here,
is the prince of all Saiyans!
Whaaa?! He's a prince?
[TRUNKS] You bet he is!
My dad is amazing!
I mean, do you really
think a Saiyan prince
would lose to
that big pink blob?
--[TRUNKS] Dad, you're okay!
--[GOTEN] He's back!
Trunks, is that you?
[BOTH chuckle]
[VEGETA groans]
Where--Where did
that monster go now?
Ha! Look who's alive after all!
Though if he knew
what was good for him,
he would've just stayed dead.
What an imbecile!
As he's finding out,
my Majin Buu's invincible.
So he might as well just
get it over with and die!
[laughs]
[PICCOLO] Majin Buu's
a menace to all life.
But no one's more insufferable
than you, Babidi.
[BABIDI gasps]
It-It's you!
Heh. Well, aren't you looking
particularly pale today.
You're green at the gills!
Not that I
blame you, of course.
After witnessing
my Buu's strength
with your own beady eyes,
it's only normal
that the color would
drain from your face.
No, this is
my natural complexion.
Aren't you awfully
full of yourself
for a two-bit warlock
in a skirt.
What? How dare you!
Considering all
that you've just seen,
you sure have some
nerve insulting me!
Very well. I'll simply tell
my Buu to do away with you
in the most painful
manner imaginable!
That's quite a threat,
but there's just one problem.
You're not gonna be
pulling the strings
on your little puppet
for very much longer.
[BABIDI] Oh, please!
That is, by far,
the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard.
Majin Buu may be tough,
but I know I can take you out.
--[BABIDI] Huh?
--[PICCOLO growls]
[BABIDI]
Barrier!
[laughs]
Whadda ya know?
I'm not completely
helpless after all, am I?
Papparapapa!
[laughs intensely]
Uaah!
[grunts]
[BABIDI]
Buu! Buu! Majin Buu!
What're you waiting for?
Get over here and
annihilate this nuisance!
Huh? Haa!
Ha! You really think
you can vanquish
a wizard as mighty as me?
--[PICCOLO grunts]
--[BABIDI yells]
Wait! You fool!
Surely you realize
if you manage to kill me
you'll never be able
to seal Majin Buu up again!
[PICCOLO grunts]
And if that happens,
Majin Buu will continue
his path of destruction
until the whole world
has been obliterated!
Do you really want that?
That's gonna happen
regardless of whether or not
I let you live,
so what's the difference?
[yells]
Just die!
--[BABIDI screams]
--[PICCOLO yells]
This can't be! I was going
to rule over the world!
I can't go out like this!
[sighs]
Okay. Who did this to Buu, huh?
Listen, all right.
Take good care
of your mother, Trunks.
What do you mean
by that? Dad?
Why are you telling me
to take care of Mom?
You two, go find somewhere
to take shelter far from here.
I have to stop Buu.
And I'm doing it alone.
--[TRUNKS gasps]
--[GOTEN] Wait, but why?
We'll fight with you!
If you do this alone,
you're gonna end up
getting yourself killed, Dad!
But if the three of us team up,
we're sure to beat him!
--Right, Goten?
--Uh-huh!
We're both, like,
crazy-strong now!
No way. It doesn't matter
how many of us go at him.
Not if we fight
the way we normally do.
Nuh-uh! With us fighting
side-by-side, it'll be easy!
This isn't like you, Dad.
You seem so discouraged.
Yeah. He's right!
Usually you're way more
cocky and full of yourself!
[TRUNKS]
Yeah, that's for sure!
[VEGETA] Trunks, from the time
you were a little baby,
I've never once hugged you,
because I always
wanted to make
you a tougher man.
I'll hug you now.
Wait, Dad, what--
What are you doing?
Hey, cut it out.
You're embarrassing me.
Take care, Trunks. All right?
Huh?
No! What'd you do to him?
That's mean!
What's gotten into you?
[GOTEN]
You knocked him out cold!
Why'd you do that?
Why? Why would you ever
hit your son like that?
He was just trying to help!
That was mean!
You're a mean,
mean man! You are!
Why'd you do that to him?
[coughs]
--[BUU hums]
--[PICCOLO] Vegeta--
[BUU continues humming]
What mean meanie
give Buu owies just now?
Take these two
little ones and get them
as far away from here
as possible. And hurry.
Yeah, sure.
Keep them safe, Piccolo.
That's it?
You plan to die?
[VEGETA] Just tell me
one thing before you go.
In this Otherworld,
or whatever it's called,
will I see Kakarot again?
I couldn't forgive myself
if I gave you a false hope
at a time like this,
so I'll tell you the truth.
You won't see him, no.
You've taken the lives of
far too many innocent people.
When you die, your body
will cease to exist,
and your soul will be
sent to a very different world
than the one where
Goku's soul will end up.
And once there you will be
cleansed, your memory erased,
and you will be turned
into a new life form.
I see. That's too bad.
All right, you'd better
be going. Now.
[PICCOLO]
Right.
[BUU hums]
Hey, wait! You no leave now!
--Hold on! Majin Buu!
--Huh?
[VEGETA] You'll deal with them
only after you've defeated me!
You got that?
Or should I slow down,
you pink twerp?
[whistles]
You call Buu not-nice names!
You big meanie!
[whistles]
You got a big, dirty mouth!
[chuckles]
[PICCOLO]
Hurry, Krillin! We have to
get away from here
as fast as we can!
You got it.
Buu make you go bye-bye!
[chuckles]
[whistles]
Buu angry now!
Buu very angry!
Well, I finally figured out
how to deal with you.
--Just in time.
--Oh!
[KRILLIN] Uh, hey.
What'd he tell you?
What is he planning to do?
'Cause based on
what I've seen so far,
he's gonna get massacred!
For the first time ever,
Vegeta is going to be fighting
on behalf of someone
other than himself.
And sadly,
it'll cost him his life.
You a big nobody! Buu make
you chocolate, Buu eat you.
No, Buu feel like some candy.
Buu make you that.
[chuckles]
The key to defeating you
is to obliterate you
so completely your regeneration
won't be possible.
[gasps]
[VEGETA] Goodbye to you all.
Bulma. Trunks.
And, yes, even you, Kakarot.
[gasps]
[grunts, bellows]
[yells]
[bellows]
Oh, no. Vegeta.
Vegeta!
[bellows]
[NARRATOR] In a
brilliant burst of light,
a great warrior meets his end.
The prince of all Saiyans.
His name was Vegeta.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
After watching Vegeta
sacrifice his life
to blow Majin Buu to bits,
am I the only one with a
terrible knot in my stomach?
[PICCOLO]
What? Impossible!
The fragments
of Majin Buu look like
they're starting to move!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Guys, the entire Earth
is in serious trouble!